[codex] Add agent identity JWKS env override (#23739)
openai/codex: codex-rs/exec-server/README.md

Agent Identity JWT in `CODEX_ACCESS_TOKEN` can opt into that auth path with
`--use-agent-identity-auth`; Codex then registers an Agent task and sends the
derived AgentAssertion headers on the registry request.

> When the container cannot fetch the Agent Identity JWKS endpoint, set

Reviewer: Would probs remove this otherwise lgtm

> When the container cannot fetch the Agent Identity JWKS endpoint, set
> `CODEX_AGENT_IDENTITY_JWKS_JSON` to the trusted JWKS endpoint JSON so Codex can
> verify the JWT without that network request.

Author: ```suggestion
Codex calls Agent Identity service to verify the JWT. In some cases like staging, the Agent Identity service is not available so use `CODEX_AGENT_IDENTITY_JWKS_JSON` to verify the JWT without that network request.
```
